Fix Bitbucket Cloud OAuth scopes being used for BitbucketServer in ScmAuth (#26839)
backstage/backstage: .changeset/pretty-plants-hammer.md

---
'@backstage/integration-react': minor
---

> Add ScmAuth provider for Bitbucket Server that uses correct OAuth scopes by default.
> Also allows for overriding the default OAuth scopes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added new ScmAuth method `forBitbucketServer` that uses correct OAuth scopes by default. Also updated `forBitbucket` method to allow overriding the default OAuth scopes.
```
